#24358: Support vm_template for azurerm_virtual_desktop_host_pool resource (#24369)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_desktop_host_pool.html.markdown

* `scheduled_agent_updates` - (Optional) A `scheduled_agent_updates` block as defined below. This enables control of when Agent Updates will be applied to Session Hosts.

> * `vm_template` - (Optional) A VM template for sessionhosts configuration within hostpool. This is a JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vm_template` - (Optional) A VM template for session hosts configuration within hostpool. This is a JSON string.
```
